hey people of YouTube welcome to part
news of dyeing your hair with kool-aid
know what you may have noticed that I
changed my shirt well I put one over it
because I don't want any guy getting on
a hat I forgot to tell you guys put an
old shirt that you don't like that's
ugly whatever you think because you're
going to get some dye on it yes now what
you want to do is put your hair into
sections like so and if you don't know
how to do that I that's why I didn't
finish my hair so get in this big sex
section and brush it out now my hair is
long okay and she's saving and if you
would her gosh why is his hair so long
well it's because she's growing it out
for Locks of Love maybe no no yeah
probably prostatic take a hair too yeah
what the heck am i doing and uh just tie
it off as high as you can but why does
your webcam keep zooming in and out I
don't know yep just do as much as you
can I did a really bad job I'll probably
fix it in upper twisting in a second so
rush it out I recommend one of these
brushes if you have like thick hair I
don't know what it's cold but it's
really good might want to fast forward
is I'm just going to brush my hair out
okay okay right now let's just do the
front too for right now okay wait okay
well that's porch that's step two to all
right and right now i'm going to be
showing you how to make the daiso scooch
over okay I'll just finish brushing my
hair alright i will be showing you how
to make the dye and right now i have a
cop you only need a couple of this bag i
don't know if you can see this but oh
they have water about up to the first
slide
right at the bottom because it you want
it to be more paste that you do like a
liquidy substance and do not add sugar
else flies will be all over you okay and
also what you want is you might want
some garner frutos leave in sleek and
shine this is what I have it she its
fruit eise for key I don't know so it's
conditioning cream and you don't work
again you don't want to add too much
because you don't run it to be goo you
want it to be a paste so I'm going to go
ahead and add so uh here is it it's kind
of hard get it I think that's enough
that's pretty much about all you need
you can kind of see it a little better
now now get your kool-aid packing and
we're taking our first kool aid packet
or just opening it slightly the side
just Oh get your finger inside of what
you just opened that's what she said so
you can so you can I brought it out here
um so you can just open it really nice
without it spilling any I just dump that
right in there I'm sure to get all of it
in there breathe in that creating yeah
so nice and what you want to do is just
mix it in with that's food right there
yeah sorry well wait wait we need more
kool-aid not right now we're just doing
the first little bat okay yeah you could
add a look one more let's start off with
doing two packs at a time for your coid
now you may not need as much or you
maybe more depending on how long your
hair is so if your hair is like this
short and you barely have any hair then
I would suggest
just doing maybe just two packets so now
you just mix it should just be really
tasty right so I am done mixing it and
you want to be sure to keep as much in
your cup as possible I'm just going to
put this somewhere and we usually have a
brush for actually dying but we kind of
have left it right now so sorry about
that um sorry kind of my fault so over
here somewhere we don't need brush I'm
doing my hair but sounds like we need a
brush so anyway you it should look a
little bit like this not too liquidy not
too solid really pasty so stay tuned and
watch part and watch part 3 to figure
out what you're doing ok so comment rate
subscribe bye